# TeamMeet

TeamMeet is a mobile application that helps users find opponents or teammates for their sports activities. Whether you are looking for someone to play tennis, soccer, basketball, or any other sport, TeamMeet makes it easy to connect with like-minded individuals and organize sports events.

## Features

- User registration and login: Users can create accounts and securely log in to the app.
- Create and join sports events: Users can create new sports events and invite others to join or search for existing events and join them.
- Matchmaking: The app provides a matchmaking feature that suggests potential opponents or teammates based on user preferences and skill levels.
- User profiles: Each user has a profile where they can showcase their sports interests, skills, and availability.

## Technologies Used

- React Native: JavaScript framework for building mobile applications.
- Expo: Development toolkit and platform for creating React Native apps.
- React Navigation: Routing and navigation library for React Native apps.

## Getting Started

To get started with TeamMeet, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

https://github.com/DoEasy23/TeamMeet.git

2. Install the dependencies

npm install

3. Start the Expo server

npm start

4. The TeamMeet app should now be running. You can access it by scanning the QR code using the Expo Go app on your mobile device.

## Usage

To use TeamMeet, follow these steps:

1. Install the Expo app on your mobile device.
2. Scan the QR code generated by the Expo server with your phone camera.
3. Open the app in the Expo app on your mobile device.

## Contributors

- [Burak Coşkun](https://github.com/retr0senss)
- [Oğuz Koyuncuoğlu](https://github.com/DoEasy23)

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact

Burak Coşkun - burakcoskun832@gmail.com

Oğuz Koyuncuoğlu - muhammedoguzkoyuncuoglu@gmail.com
